Uncle Tang?
Ah, the brigade commander ordered
Clean up the yard
Send me all the business
How come?
You are the owner of this house
I have already collected your yard.
Ask them to leave.
I said what happened to these wounded
Why not right away?
Do you think I don't want to save you?
Things are so scarce right now
These are reserved for the rescue officers
They can't save it for now
They're people, too.
They must be treated immediately
Do you think you are the savior?
Sure, you give me 10 boxes of gauze
10 boxes of anesthesia to go
I will start the surgery now
Wait for me.
I'll send it back to you right away
Wait a minute, these are all brocade sheaths
Even if you collect death
Get these things back
Why are you talking big?
Since I said so
It means I have the confidence
So you take the medicine you go to
Give me a piece of each
I will arrange for someone to deliver it to you immediately.
You have to have this in your hands
I told your grandfather to leave
These things have to be returned.
Arrange for them immediately
Say 5 words and it will be there soon.
Sir, he can really get these things
Are you out of your mind too?
These are all prohibited military substances
The grand marshal issued the ban
They can get it.
Then you let him do it?
Look at this kid is also quite rich
Wait a minute, he can't get anything out.
We took it down and begged him